.TH "freespeak" "1" "JANUARY 2009" "FreeSpeak 0.3.0" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME" 
freespeak \(em GNOME frontend to online translator engines.
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBfreespeak\fR  [\fB\-\-version\fP]  [\fB-h, \-\-help\fP]  
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
With FreeSpeak you can translate text and web pages using online translation
engines.
.PP 
To perform a translation select your translator of choice. Then
you select the languages through which you wish to translate your data.
Finally press the "Translate" button.
.PP 
You can translate both text and web pages. Some translators don't support both
modes so it may happen that your preferred translator is not present in
the drop down list.
.PP
You can tune all FreeSpeak settings in the preferences dialog.
.IP "\fBCopy to clipboard"
Copy the translated data to the clipboard once the translation is complete.
.IP "\fBPaste from clipboard"
Paste data to be translated, from the clipboard to the GUI. This only happens when
you open a new translation.
If you are trying to perform a web page translation and the clipboard is not holding
a valid URL, FreeSpeak is not going to paste it in the URL entry.
.IP "\fBDefault translator"
The translator to use every time you open a new translation. It will be set
in the drop down list only if the translation mode you requested is supported by the
translator you chose.
.IP "\fBKey bindings"
Set several desktop-wide key bindings for doing quick translation operations.
.SH "OPTIONS" 
.IP "\fB\-\-version\fP" 10 
Display version number with copyright and exit. 
.IP "\fB-h, \-\-help\fP" 10 
Show help message. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
This manual page was written by Luca Bruno lethalman88@gmail.com.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <lethalman88@gmail.com> or visit the bug tracker at
http://developer.berlios.de/bugs/?group_id=10396.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 2008 Luca Bruno <lethalman88@@gmail.com>.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
